README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/k5oSTYu.png" width=700 />
</p>
<h1 align="center"> <a href="https://chrisvxd_og-impact.saasify.sh">ogimpact.sh</a></h1>

<p align="center">Dynamic social share images for Facebook, Twitter, Slack etc in a single line of HTML</p>

```html
<meta property="og:image" content="https://ogi.sh?title=Hello%20World" />
```

<p align="center"><a href="#free-templates">Gallery</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://ogimpacteditor.netlify.com">Template Editor</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://chrisvxd_og-impact.saasify.sh/pricing">Pricing</a></p>

## Quick Start

### Create your first image

Create a meta tag, and add it to the `<head />` of the page in question.

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?title=Hello%20World"
/>
```

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?title=Hello%20World&ghbust=2" width=400 />

When the page is shared, Facebook will show the image at https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?title=Hello%20World. For Twitter, add `<meta property="twitter:image" />`.

We can also change the background via the `unsplashId` query param:

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?title=Hello%20World&unsplashId=phIFdC6lA4E"
/>
```

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?title=Hello%20World&unsplashId=phIFdC6lA4E&ghbust=2" width=400 />

This is using the default template, `basic`. You can see the [full documentation](#free-templates) for `basic` below. To remove the watermark, you'll need to upgrade.

### Trying another template

Let's try another template called `article`, designed for (but not limited to) sharing articles. The query params are URL encoded, and broken onto new lines so you can see what's going on.

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?
           template=article&
           eyebrow=27%20AUGUST&
           title=INTO%20THE%20OCEAN&
           subtitle=Explore%20the%20depths%20of%20the%20deep%20blue%20sea&
           unsplashId=gGX1fJkmw3k"
/>
```

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?template=article&eyebrow=27%20AUGUST&title=INTO%20THE%20OCEAN&subtitle=Explore%20the%20depths%20of%20the%20deep%20blue%20sea&unsplashId=gGX1fJkmw3k&ghbust=2" width=400 />

Neat, huh? Check out the [template gallery](#free-templates) to explore our beautiful, free templates covering various use cases.

### Create your own image template

> This is a [pro feature](https://og-impact.saasify.sh/pricing).

Creating your own, branded template can be done via [the Editor](http://ogimpacteditor.netlify.com). It's as simple as HTML and CSS, with [handlebars](https://handlebarsjs.com/guide/#what-is-handlebars) for templating. We also provide [an API](https://chrisvxd_og-impact.saasify.sh/docs#operation/publishPOST) to publish custom templates if that's more your thing.

**IMPORTANT: Your template will be public, so it's important to watermark the template with your brand or URL**.

Using your template:

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?
    template=infGC5AQ&
    title=MIND%20BLOWN"
/>
```

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?template=infGC5AQ&title=MIND%20BLOWN&ghbust=2" width=400 />

### Free Templates

#### `basic` (the default)

> Renders text on a background image.

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?title=Hello%20World&ghbust=2" width=400 />

##### Params

- `title` _string_ - text to render
- `unsplashId` _string_ - [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) image ID for the background
- `unsplashKeywords` _string_ - keywords (comma-separated) for a random image from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) for the background
- `imageUrl` _string_ - URL for the background image
- `googleFont` _string_ - Google Font to render

##### Snippet

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?
    title=Hello%20World&
    unsplashId=WLUHO9A_xik"
/>
```

#### `article`

> Display a title and subtitle on a background image, with an optional eyebrow

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?template=article&eyebrow=27%20AUGUST&title=INTO%20THE%20OCEAN&subtitle=Explore%20the%20depths%20of%20the%20deep%20blue%20sea&unsplashId=gGX1fJkmw3k&ghbust=2" width=400 />

##### Params

- `title` _string_ - title text
- `subtitle` _string_ - subtitle text
- `eyebrow` _string_ - eyebrow text that renders above the title. Use for date
- `unsplashId` _string_ - [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) image ID for the background
- `unsplashKeywords` _string_ - keywords (comma-separated) for a random image from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) for the background
- `imageUrl` _string_ - URL for the background image
- `googleFont` _string_ - Google Font to render

##### Snippet

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?
           template=article&
           eyebrow=27%20AUGUST&
           title=INTO%20THE%20OCEAN&
           subtitle=Explore%20the%20depths%20of%20the%20deep%20blue%20sea&
           unsplashId=gGX1fJkmw3k"
/>
```

#### `fiftyfifty`

> Multi-use template for an array of use cases

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?template=fiftyfifty&title=What%20NOT%20to%20do%20when%20remote%20working&subtitle=Lorem%20ipsum%20dolor%20sit%20amet%2C%20consectetur%20adipiscing%20elit%2C%20sed%20do%20eiusmod%20tempor%20incididunt%20ut%20labore%20et%20dolore%20magna%20aliqua.%20Test%20and%20test%20some%20more.&unsplashId=QLqNalPe0RA&split=diagonal&logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bcharset%3Dutf-8%3Bbase64%2CPHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0nMjA5NicgaGVpZ2h0PSc0NDAnIHhtbG5zPSdodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2Zyc%2BPGcgZmlsbD0nbm9uZScgZmlsbC1ydWxlPSdldmVub2RkJz48cmVjdCBmaWxsPScjRkZFNjAwJyB3aWR0aD0nNDQwJyBoZWlnaHQ9JzQ0MCcgcng9JzUyJy8%2BPGcgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSd0cmFuc2xhdGUoODYgMTQyKSc%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%2BPHRleHQgZm9udC1mYW1pbHk9J0F2ZW5pck5leHQtRGVtaUJvbGQsIEF2ZW5pciBOZXh0JyBmb250LXNpemU9JzIxMCcgZm9udC13ZWlnaHQ9JzUwMCcgbGV0dGVyLXNwYWNpbmc9JzE3LjIxMycgZmlsbD0nIzIxMUQwMCc%2BPHRzcGFuIHg9JzU2MCcgeT0nMjk3Jz5XRUxMUEFJRC5JTzwvdHNwYW4%2BPC90ZXh0PjwvZz48L3N2Zz4%3D&ghbust=2" width=400 />

##### Params

- `title` _string_ - title text
- `subtitle` _string_ - subtitle text
- `eyebrow` _string_ - eyebrow text that renders above the title. Use for date
- `unsplashId` _string_ - [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) image ID for the background
- `unsplashKeywords` _string_ - keywords (comma-separated) for a random image from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) for the background
- `imageUrl` _string_ - URL for the background image
- `googleFont` _string_ - Google Font to render

##### Snippet

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?
           template=fiftyfifty&
           title=INTO%20THE%20MOUNTAINS&
           subtitle=Explore%20the%20depths%20of%20the%20deep%20blue%20sky"
/>
```

#### Additional templates

More templates will be added in the near future.

## License

MIT © [Chris Villa](http://www.chrisvilla.co.uk)

Commit message:

feat: logo support across all free templates, and better watermark

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/k5oSTYu.png" width=700 />
</p>
<h1 align="center"> <a href="https://chrisvxd_og-impact.saasify.sh">ogimpact.sh</a></h1>

<p align="center">Dynamic social share images for Facebook, Twitter, Slack etc in a single line of HTML</p>

```html
<meta property="og:image" content="https://ogi.sh?title=Hello%20World" />
```

<p align="center"><a href="#free-templates">Gallery</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://ogimpacteditor.netlify.com">Template Editor</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://chrisvxd_og-impact.saasify.sh/pricing">Pricing</a></p>

## Quick Start

### Create your first image

Create a meta tag, and add it to the `<head />` of the page in question.

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?title=Hello%20World"
/>
```

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?title=Hello%20World&ghbust=2" width=400 />

When the page is shared, Facebook will show the image at https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?title=Hello%20World. For Twitter, add `<meta property="twitter:image" />`.

Let's add our logo via the `logo` param, which accepts a URL:

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?
    title=Hello%20World&
    logo=https%3A%2F%2Fi.imgur.com%2FyKp8kEI.png
  "
/>
```

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?title=Hello%20World&logo=https%3A%2F%2Fi.imgur.com%2FyKp8kEI.png" width=400 />

We can also change the background via the `unsplashId` query param:

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?
    title=Hello%20World&
    logo=https%3A%2F%2Fi.imgur.com%2FyKp8kEI.png&
    unsplashId=phIFdC6lA4E
  "
/>
```

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?title=Hello%20World&logo=https%3A%2F%2Fi.imgur.com%2FyKp8kEI.png&unsplashId=phIFdC6lA4E&ghbust=2" width=400 />

This is using the default template, `basic`. You can see the [full documentation](#free-templates) for `basic` below. To remove the watermark, you'll need to upgrade.

### Trying another template

Let's try another template called `article`, designed for (but not limited to) sharing articles. The query params are URL encoded, and broken onto new lines so you can see what's going on.

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?
           template=article&
           eyebrow=27%20AUGUST&
           title=INTO%20THE%20OCEAN&
           subtitle=Explore%20the%20depths%20of%20the%20deep%20blue%20sea&
           unsplashId=gGX1fJkmw3k"
/>
```

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?template=article&eyebrow=27%20AUGUST&title=INTO%20THE%20OCEAN&subtitle=Explore%20the%20depths%20of%20the%20deep%20blue%20sea&unsplashId=gGX1fJkmw3k&ghbust=2" width=400 />

Neat, huh? Check out the [template gallery](#free-templates) to explore our beautiful, free templates covering various use cases.

### Create your own image template

> This is a [pro feature](https://og-impact.saasify.sh/pricing).

Creating your own, branded template can be done via [the Editor](http://ogimpacteditor.netlify.com). It's as simple as HTML and CSS, with [handlebars](https://handlebarsjs.com/guide/#what-is-handlebars) for templating. We also provide [an API](https://chrisvxd_og-impact.saasify.sh/docs#operation/publishPOST) to publish custom templates if that's more your thing.

**IMPORTANT: Your template will be public, so it's important to watermark the template with your brand or URL**.

Using your template:

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?
    template=infGC5AQ&
    title=MIND%20BLOWN"
/>
```

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?template=infGC5AQ&title=MIND%20BLOWN&ghbust=2" width=400 />

### Free Templates

#### `basic` (the default)

> Renders text on a background image.

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?title=Hello%20World&ghbust=2" width=400 />

##### Params

- `title` _string_ - text to render
- `logo` _string_ - URL for the logo
- `unsplashId` _string_ - [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) image ID for the background
- `unsplashKeywords` _string_ - keywords (comma-separated) for a random image from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) for the background
- `imageUrl` _string_ - URL for the background image
- `googleFont` _string_ - Google Font to render

##### Snippet

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?
    title=Hello%20World&
    unsplashId=WLUHO9A_xik"
/>
```

#### `article`

> Display a title and subtitle on a background image, with an optional eyebrow

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?template=article&eyebrow=27%20AUGUST&title=INTO%20THE%20OCEAN&subtitle=Explore%20the%20depths%20of%20the%20deep%20blue%20sea&unsplashId=gGX1fJkmw3k&ghbust=2" width=400 />

##### Params

- `title` _string_ - title text
- `subtitle` _string_ - subtitle text
- `eyebrow` _string_ - eyebrow text that renders above the title. Use for date
- `logo` _string_ - URL for the logo
- `unsplashId` _string_ - [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) image ID for the background
- `unsplashKeywords` _string_ - keywords (comma-separated) for a random image from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) for the background
- `imageUrl` _string_ - URL for the background image
- `googleFont` _string_ - Google Font to render

##### Snippet

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?
           template=article&
           eyebrow=27%20AUGUST&
           title=INTO%20THE%20OCEAN&
           subtitle=Explore%20the%20depths%20of%20the%20deep%20blue%20sea&
           unsplashId=gGX1fJkmw3k"
/>
```

#### `fiftyfifty`

> Multi-use template for an array of use cases

<img style="margin-bottom: 16px;" src="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/preview?template=fiftyfifty&title=What%20NOT%20to%20do%20when%20remote%20working&subtitle=Lorem%20ipsum%20dolor%20sit%20amet%2C%20consectetur%20adipiscing%20elit%2C%20sed%20do%20eiusmod%20tempor%20incididunt%20ut%20labore%20et%20dolore%20magna%20aliqua.%20Test%20and%20test%20some%20more.&unsplashId=QLqNalPe0RA&split=diagonal&logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bcharset%3Dutf-8%3Bbase64%2CPHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0nMjA5NicgaGVpZ2h0PSc0NDAnIHhtbG5zPSdodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2Zyc%2BPGcgZmlsbD0nbm9uZScgZmlsbC1ydWxlPSdldmVub2RkJz48cmVjdCBmaWxsPScjRkZFNjAwJyB3aWR0aD0nNDQwJyBoZWlnaHQ9JzQ0MCcgcng9JzUyJy8%2BPGcgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSd0cmFuc2xhdGUoODYgMTQyKSc%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%2BPHRleHQgZm9udC1mYW1pbHk9J0F2ZW5pck5leHQtRGVtaUJvbGQsIEF2ZW5pciBOZXh0JyBmb250LXNpemU9JzIxMCcgZm9udC13ZWlnaHQ9JzUwMCcgbGV0dGVyLXNwYWNpbmc9JzE3LjIxMycgZmlsbD0nIzIxMUQwMCc%2BPHRzcGFuIHg9JzU2MCcgeT0nMjk3Jz5XRUxMUEFJRC5JTzwvdHNwYW4%2BPC90ZXh0PjwvZz48L3N2Zz4%3D&ghbust=2" width=400 />

##### Params

- `title` _string_ - title text
- `subtitle` _string_ - subtitle text
- `logo` _string_ - URL for the logo
- `unsplashId` _string_ - [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) image ID for the background
- `unsplashKeywords` _string_ - keywords (comma-separated) for a random image from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) for the background
- `imageUrl` _string_ - URL for the background image
- `googleFont` _string_ - Google Font to render

##### Snippet

```html
<meta
  property="og:image"
  content="https://ssfy.sh/chrisvxd/og-impact/image?
           template=fiftyfifty&
           title=INTO%20THE%20MOUNTAINS&
           subtitle=Explore%20the%20depths%20of%20the%20deep%20blue%20sky"
/>
```

#### Additional templates

More templates will be added in the near future.

## License

MIT © [Chris Villa](http://www.chrisvilla.co.uk)
